Um, and discussing overall budget issues, I guess,
with the district advisory committee.
So I'll just quickly walk through what's in here.
So what you have right off the top on page three of two 85, uh,
just, uh, just a summary document saying this is a copy of last year's budget,
uh,
remind you that we get 57.5% of our money from the province,
39.5% from property taxation,
which is not a lot that has been passed years,
total budget 421 million, 221,000.
So that was the budget can the past.
So getting into the next set of information.
So page five of two 85 really is the offering,
and this is an operating fund budget, by the way.
So I have walked it through with you. Before that we have several funds,
we have an operating fund, the capital funding, a special purpose fund.
This is the operating fund, and this is what you concentrate on, uh,
in each budget year. So again, a summary of information,
actual results from 16, 17, 17, 18, 18, 19,
and then the last two years of budget,
just to give you a comparison and the numbers are for the most part relatively
consistent year over year. Um, so again,
I don't have much in the way of comments.
This is information you have before you start moving through the document,
by the way that the, a page page five,
that that summary is by function and this exactly what you would see in the
financial statements when you reviewed. Um, you know, I think, uh, Brenda,
I know you're flipping through the, what I'm saying.
I think maybe go back to page four,
maybe went back one more,
one more. It's like,
it's very first page that's this is the one I'm really talking about in my book,
this five to eight and five. Anyway, this is the,
this is the page I was referring to with actions for three years budget for two
years, this is a,
the expenditures are described by function as opposed to objects.
And the functions are on the left hand side,
under expenditures codes 1000 to 9,000.
So it's the functions of the division and every school division reports this
way. So, um,
the next sets of information are really by object code. So in other words,
object code means the type of expense is so salaries, et cetera,
services, supplies. Uh,
so it's just mounds of miles of financial information. So,
so you have everything you ever wanted to know is in here. Um,
it's also contained in your financial statements.
So that package of the one that you reviewed, uh,
on October 5th as a finance committee and that we approved on October 19th,
uh, is, has all of this.
So this is just that it's just a repeat and it does show actually prior to use.
So you got a sensitive Harrison.
So beyond that, I mean, I'm not going to start going through,
use a lot of numbers in here,
and it's just that it's a really a reference guide more than anything else to
say. You know,
if you ever got a question about what we spend on salaries in a particular
function, you can,
I don't think you get those sorts of questions to my knowledge in these sorts of
meetings, but it's there for your, for your reference.
So I don't have anything more to say, Mr. Chair, in that particular item. Um,
unless there's any questions
I'll open it up to you and members of the committee, if you have any questions.
Uh, and, uh,
ideally if you can raise your electronic hand over a,
just voice that you're interested in speaking at any point.
All right. So no questions on prior year's financials,
we've been through that a fair bit in the last year, two weeks. Yeah. Yep.
So the next one, Mr. Chair is against something you've seen before.
It's the funding gap page. This is lifted from our financial facts,
uh, document that we're currently working on now with the closing financial
statements.
So really this takes you through the amount of money that we spend on particular
programs, um,
split between revenue from the provincial government and raised through property
tax taxation. Um,
knowing that it's basically a 60,
40 split only programs of note are ones that don't maintain that sort of a ratio
60 40, because we know that 40% is a good chunk of our revenue.
That you're always gonna have expenditures that are attributed to property
taxation, but there are certain of these that are,
they're quite quite different. Uh,
student support services would lead the pack where, uh,
the province doesn't fund the 60 40 split clearly on this one,
most of the most good chunk of the money comes from the property taxation that
has been a constant and when a big school efficient,
because it's seen the need in this particular area,
student support services over many years that does spend beyond what many other
schools are here.
So it's just a list of items. And again,
this isn't been in every budget package that I've been associated with,
and it simply tells you, uh,
the areas where we perhaps fund beyond what a normal 60 40 split is.
Just nursing. Repeat another one.
That's obvious there's a few others. So again, um,
the one thing I did want to point out in this particular page,
I know it's come up in the French language.